this what is this what is this I want you to
explain it to me
I see a notification in Dallas
uploading a debate with Wind and this is
a [ __ ] I'm an expert and Wind and in
the same video and the word debate in
between I swallow the hour and tiny I think it was that it
lasts that a debate about
religion a debate about religion that we
are planning the communion that
this is not what we want to give this
is not what we pay you for we
want a debate in conditions with it
gives me the and with they upload and it's here and practice
and we find ourselves with a debate about
communion but this what the [ __ ] he to one that
if they believe in Manuel Street that if not that if
the stars that if the other with
the personalities and the thrones what we are
looking for but well you have to look for the
positive side of everything that comes within what there is
because yes they have dealt with
some things about Salcé or that I want to
comment on in this video so well that is what we are
going to comment on in this video
what we want the sanse hito before
continuing with the video I have to tell you
that this video is sponsored  Many of you
already know that these days she's always
celebrating her birthday there will be
emails and notifications with
discounts of up to 70% but if you
really want to save I recommend
using led did which will give you up to 50%
cashback when buying
at el expres that is to say of what you
spend on the anniversary of ali expres
add an additional 50% discount this
only until friday you have to
run to the link that I have in the
description apart from that I will also have
escape in stores like pc components at
el corte ingles telepizza eba or lidl
in addition to the link that you have in the
description you can install the extension
for the browser which is super useful it
allows you among other things to check the
price history of a
product the ratings of the
buyers so my advice is to
install it and also have it there for
other occasions when you have to
buy with discounts it is never
also in the description I also leave
the link to install hello but let's go to
the most interesting part of the video and that is that
until next April 6th the
guys from  lety shops are joining the 11th
anniversary of express
by giving away 11 computers like what you
're seeing on the screen the
complete pack the monitor tower the mouse
even the mouse pad is worth it to
participate you simply have to
register with the link I left in the
description also the second step would be to
install the extension and the third step you
will find in
leti's profile
the offer I'm giving is
irresistible nobody can hurt a
little bit of free cashback so
you have the full description okay let's
continue with the video as I was
saying in the intro of the video well in
this video we're going to focus on
commenting on what has been a bit of the sanse
and tone of what they've talked about the bots
in the most larín plate of all their
moves it doesn't exist or if I have to say
that I partly empathize with wind and with
some things that he has said, I'm not going to be
false or hypocritical nor am I going to
tell you something that I don't think because I am
a little bit and I have met with
wind and because I wanted to jump on the channel
but oh well nothing happens wind and she forgets
absorbed outside  grudges let's see
honestly it really pissed me off that they
threw me on the channel and for me as a person it
failed me because I loved myself I was already a
good person no you put an extra on it
was a person and more with the cas I had
a cordial relationship that we have not
helped and everything you want not the
fact that you give him a strike without
telling me hey I don't know what or I don't know how much like
a little more than yes that sat with me
no but yes it's true that I think and I've
always thought about it and made many
videos talking about that that hey that
these girls have received and the insults that
come to them and all the things that fall on him I
see it disproportionate because it's not that he has
done he has not
done ugly things but he has done
more serious things some mind has said and but
well there are much more serious things he has not
killed anyone by destiny like the
charity house to the channels seriously them 9
hours
or so basically it is an
unjustified hatred for stupidity be it for roses
that I have had with other youtubers
sanders take everything out of context and always
wants to observe like the villain and how there are
certain final youtubers like that
I do not  they approve or are not in favor of me
and I take advantage of that so that one
person likes me and another like
there are people who hate me unjustifiably
because many times the public does not
stop to see things as they really are
or many do not even see what I said in
my videos the critics are in charge of
changing all their words and in the end they
make people hear me massively and
the big ones in this first click that I
just put I have to put a couple of
nuances we are not going to deny that wind and it
gives a lot of food to
salcedo's channels like mine we are not going to deny it it
would be a lie that would not make sense
because it is obvious and there is a lot of
content and yes there have been
many winn-dixie moves but let's
not confuse it either it is not
necessary to criticize wind and to survive
nor is it that I know that she has not said it
no but in case someone understands it
is not like the unique content no
so it is true that when some
windy controversy comes out then there are many
visits because it is very viral and the fact is
that she is a good meme creator they
are things that  really it's not
okay to laugh either because it's not
okay to laugh that someone is having a bad time
or that someone is having a
hysterical attack like the one she had on these two
occasions live but if she was not
going to be part of the circus and
this circus was not going to be put on it it wouldn't be necessary to
talk about her or at least badly in fact
if you check any of the channels
well if you check the turbo plan one it's maybe
a little different but at
least based a little on mine I
think that there are even months in which javi oliveira's
content is not mentioned or indicated
in the two channels about
wing divide that there are maybe two
percent 1 percent I don't know but very
little when something happens obviously I
comment on it because that's what my channel is about
but it doesn't necessarily have to be
talking bad about her or I mean in that
sense I don't give a damn and what
she said about to be liked by
youtubers that don't approve of me
big youtubers that are loved to me that doesn't
matter to me that doesn't matter to me why do
n't they approve of me either things as they
are no I don't have to talk bad about
her  to follow a trend when it is
not the reason is because I think that she does not
have it taking very well with her I did not
give her the reason that they put to her strange
juan was when he already put it to me
later and after that because of wind's attitude it
has gone from bad to worse but you will
remember in my channel many
videos that I have supported her because
honestly there are times when he has been given
a blanket of stick for things that are that
we have deserved since he may have
been wrong that he has done wrong
that he may be a very character but to
give him that blanket of stick that the internet
gave him I do not see it many people
crucified him because there was a video to greg
is putting him in the thumbnail giving him a
kiss it's like a clip dave and it can not
sit badly with him he wants to flirt with
some girlfriend you value you want little for so
much it is not a crime either. Yes, I
am at an event and I find myself added I
give him a kiss and I put the thumbnail
of the shot but what I want to say is that it is
not necessarily necessary to
speak badly of her to generate visits
or at least what I try with my
channel that you can give your opinion and you can agree with her
and the  views are the
same as in the end when I
upload videos and I have had to agree with her
the visit has been the same I no longer
need to mess with her to eat I
can eat if I have to defend her
also on some occasion
and long before that yes that you got into
a controversy and I think that
people started to put a lot of hate
because you tried to get into the
gaming world and well you were from before
help me everyone gaming being
provocative is not bad at all plan
dreaming being in a bikini that kind of
things and a lot of people started to fall on you
but enjoying and loving
everything even before you got into
any controversy this is partly like that
but in part I think that we wind and did not
begin as such to become known
when she started with her
windy characters and her channel on youtube wind and did not
start to do hate eada being a
provocative gamer girl provocative gamer girl
already existed in fact it costs me
because of friendships that we have in common that
wind and created her channel and throwing herself at
these girls no one is called ss sniper
wall I don't know how to pronounce it okay no  I'm
going to get angry that a
super famous girl on YouTube who is also
22 and this other cosplayer
that she mentions on some
occasions in fact whose name is Jessica
nor that I would not say that the problem and the
hate eo main the wind and it begins
simply because she is a provocative gamer girl
the problem is that
her desire to grow she has started and
the things that recognize her is worth it
from the moment she began her career she has
had a lot of perseverance she has fought
a lot but there came a time when maybe
impatience played a trick on her
and she began to have an anxiety to
grow before being known on
YouTube she was already known on this
platform called justintv which if I'm
not mistaken was the old tweet or rather
tweet now it is replacing this
platform that lasted very little and windy
had a program she also had a
television program
[Music]
what you are seeing here is from a
program that she had in 2003
look at her in 2013 here nobody
bullied her she was already physically well
new in 2015 she also participated in this
program well I participate I wasn't the
main presenter bikini game in a
program that I don't find much
sense because they have to talk about
video games in bikini in fact the name
of the program is like that because the
presenter presents in a bikini every day
so she brings a collaborator in a bikini
too so here I think that the
least important thing about the game is that they talk about in
this program also had a pretty
good reception and up until this moment wind
and it still didn't have the hey that it had
later as I was saying I think that
impatience played a trick on her and
indie water having her active channel what she
did was to promote some
very strange past collaborations with
messi verga in which both
criticized each other and crossed videos no I
think that was what started it all and
a few videos I took fragments of
those videos to show you better
what this channel is about [ __ ] we are not
going to see the vibrators because there are
a lot of brasserie there is a lot of sex way
wants to sell you sex this channel with the
pretext of video games there will not be
seeing a bit of the audience that
messi verga has or that it had at that
time especially if you although healthy
past collaboration of  you cross videos with
him and in those videos you are sending
your fat girl in the end some remnants
would remain the simple fact of having
had a good relationship with this
youtube also weighed on you few
doing nothing and that one did not play we have to
harm people or rather everything
that I did for example on youtube was
something allowed or rather it was not that if a
minor of average age dressed pervert or
something like that and in my thought well he
joined it well the little ones and seeing someone
dressed as an adult or like that is not going to be
perverted because they do not have like the
hormones on fire it was a change when
that teenager yes but it is that he consumes
content there will be that or rather it
attracts me I think that the point is simpler than
that and it is that you do not have the
responsibility for the content
the parents have that it is
not that it perverts children that would
solve responsibility the parents it is
like blaming the websites for not
perverting children whatever it is the
parents' fault they do not buy that content to
connect at this point not here
totally agree we have said it on
several occasions to wind and on many
occasions well not only to  wind did
a very common thing when you want to
throw [ __ ] at a youtuber you can say
yes because look at the children that follow you
and why do you make videos like that when children see you
and it's like I think it's more than
evident that windy's content is not
focused on minors that minors
watching that content it's the
parents' fault where the hell are the papers of
course I wanted to kind of meet and
get close to the biggest youtubers
you see they don't want that that's not everything he
says today that all those
interested are interested to a certain point but that
I am not a person that I am interested I only
care about the material or the benefits
that other people can give me
I also like to help and prevent nothing in return, I mean
many people whether they are
popular or not ask me to help with something and
if I can help you I'm
happy to because it's something that I like
and it comes naturally to me
but yes I mean I tried to get close and what
was not the most subtle way and apart is
then well I had understood
second that many times you
basically have to lick the feet of others
physically there are some people who are
like that I didn't go around licking the
floors and I have tried to get close but  I
mean, they kept two at my level or mingo,
not like the way your way of approaching
socially, I think it can look a
little strange, no, if you've noticed, like I
saw myself sometimes approaching to
interact and it can be seen from the outside
as a somewhat, I don't know, I'm going to define
how good it is, I don't want to give you an
example, not very generous either, for
example, with someone who is autistic, they
try to relate to other people, it's that they
have a strange point but they have come
closer, you who sometimes also have a
strange point, the social interaction
of taxes, effectively like that, wind and I don't
know what need they have, you have your channel
that's already going well, well at other times it doesn't
go so well but generally it's going
well, normally you can live peacefully, you
don't have to follow anyone and yes,
on some occasions it seems very
dragged, look lately at some
interactions, for example, the handsome one
was there and not when he was there, he doesn't even
notice, I mean, he doesn't give you a
[ __ ], no, he's not going to talk to you, he was
going to and he's not going to answer you, he's not going to
invite you to his series, he doesn't want anything to do
with you, he doesn't care how you feel, what
the world thinks  it doesn't matter how
heavy you are for god's sake in fact I'm
losing weight so I'm not
heavy anymore don't be in that sense Diaz
whatever happens everything was fine
the blond just turned 31 I turned yesterday I had a great time
what a beautiful video the person who
made it has a lot of talent I wish it were real
more than I even have why does he care
Whitney who was going and isn't going to talk
to you okay and vice is a good thing that gives and goes
and goes only to the
dear youtubers okay and bye he's never going to hang out
with people like you at least he doesn't dislike you he
probably doesn't have any
personal problems with you I don't know if he understands
but he's not interested and I don't know it's that he's not
even going to answer you publicly these
people are like that we've seen it on
many occasions they don't care if they have to
collaborate with the madman like they've
done now putting it in the new headquarters they
will be but with you since you are
frowned upon you won't notice three more because you just
said no that you didn't drag them and
this is dragging and there's no reason to
do it here the same thing putting
comments to believe
and the blond and congratulating him  his birthday
when he doesn't notice it he's going to be
happy he
tried to repress the 12 videos
answering a lot defending myself
protesting to someone directly with
these quite questionable what
we know the history of wind and
we know a little that I don't know why he said this
for what he said that he has few videos
answering people surely I'll
eat some that is click come today that the
thumbnail and the title then don't go with
the content of the video rubio defends me
rubio answers me voice studies the
truth about his voice they talk about me I
apologize my drama with ibai will pay for what he
did that they put in to make me look
bad the controversy is from the three
thousand dollars here I ask for forgiveness that
then it was a beige vegetable clip metro
read well she is a hypocrite and a few
more I mean we have really talked on
this channel and we have reacted to several
videos where they have answered people I don't
understand the point or so in fact there is
nothing wrong with him
answering people I don't understand the
point of denying it his general attitude and
I have been able to see publicly for me
has tended more towards submission than
aggression  for me and for you
this does not mean that it is the same it
means that I do not want to give them the
attention that they want to get from me they
already know how to interpret a submission
they know that all those things that
have to do with going controversial of being
viral then they want to throw hateful
that arona
this so that their names are known
through mine that is why I do not
like to answer or I mean they have given me a lot of
desire
there are many critics who have told
lies about interactions that we have
had and since the facts of
art have occurred they give me to grab a camera and put
all the evidence and tell them all to back
off but it is simply to give them what
they want so it is always referred to me
as ignoring well what has been
said not that critics are referring
to criticized that they have lied about the
interactions they have had with her
I do not take it personally because
really when I told what
happens most with her I think that we were missing nothing
the truth if there is someone in that attitude
surely there will be a mistake but
I do not lie to me what happens to me
with her was I helped her help on a couple
of occasions with hey that her  were
throwing I had a cordial relationship with
her she granted me an interview I
helped her get her channel back with a
contact we had a cordial relationship I
even agreed with
her in a video to guarnizo and
from there everything went wrong I don't know
where the lie is in that but
come on if what you're telling me if it's
me if it's someone else there are the others with
their things but if it were me I have no
need for you to answer me
publicly to earn more money nor do I
need or indicate that you answer is that
sometimes you try to head that
to earn more money and more fame you shouldn't
speak ill of you in fact people
like it to be fair and when you
have to agree with someone you
give it to them and if someone doesn't like it then they can
leave my channel okay if there's something for
which you have a problem I don't
need you to do it
publicly either if you don't want me such fame
that I already told you but now I need you
can hire me you have a thousand ways to
contact me yourself you know this was like this like this
and we talk or we have another
debate also yours with me I didn't want to
talk simply because I get along with
juani with ari and I'm not going to stop
doing it because your problem is not
my problem obviously a
very public public controversy and I'm going to give my opinion on
it every time something comes up but to me
personally what you did to me by getting
involved I bring you a betrayal
I have been and I was going to a place to vania bank
a place that they were planning and so it has been
for all this time there are no dice
for the first account to the top they
took them down and it was the first thing I never knew
because I had like a few weeks of uploading
videos while I was already live well
in victor they are talking now about the
issue of bans you know the paranoia
that was mounted and someone next of the day here I
leave you the videos that I made on the
secondary channel and sincerely from my point
of view
I think the same thing is going to say to him
now yes it is true that the
shadow bank exists yes it is true that
bots exist but I don't know to what extent they are
beneficial for anyone's channel and
that they serve much to take down the channel
of someone you don't like, that I do
n't know but the movie that she makes
up and the whole story that she  it
seems like a joke it takes away the
seriousness of the real problem the
real problem is that on youtube today
your videos are very well recommended and
another day youtube is used metro and your
videos are not recommended and I think that
here a little bit of fault so it has
windows for the type of titles that it puts
for the type of thumbnails of things that
its videos talk about youtube is only
facebook
like I don't know when it reaches 200 I
think that it is quite easy for them to take you down
and for them to throw content at you it comes from
people that I know who have had accounts
at the ceiling that you have and how easy it is for them to
report you for stupid things just like on
facebook just like on instagram it also
comes back and half an hour later they are still
this friend but they take down the
account again irrecoverable try to
recover it nothing so I have certain
strict contacts but those people
live as if they were in the clouds because those
social networks are so big that for them to
understand or attend and agents take
time in the end not to operate my
account and they never told me because yes there were
a couple of things that a man
who was a bottle is that also if he
has these days someone reporting you  that they are
not bots they are not bosc nor have
anything to do with the people that she thinks
have to see me I play her own
because those people are in thousands of other
things they are busy with series with their
house they are in other things and really yes
almost certainly that martin does not spend for this
type of nonsense passions because you
are perfect and that without him 90-60-90 I am
I did without he held me by the breasts so I have
not even been greetings
a tangana is all dressed when
wind and says she is not even using
some quotas today nothing would have to see the
reality she says that on facebook
they shot her for no reason but the thing is that
I go to her facebook account
which they made assumptions to dubai and in
all the titles it says those of orly fan
that as much as she wants to hide it
at 5 on the mobile those of facebook are not
stupid and look at all the thumbnails of
the live it seems that these playboy
with your face some time a thumbnail or
something no and then she in this video the
truth of her voice says the same thing that you
are  here they throw things at him for
no reason and that tweet was thrown at him for
no reason whatsoever but look at what he says
without any justification and one is
playing at me fails me and in others he is
reacting to videos of symphony mass and
not in tweets I did not put the inside my
'fans' because I knew it was not possible the
only thing I had was a banner with all
my networks and one always said in a
man it is a word in English yes of course
what you follow there he has it there he
has it I mean no I do not sponsor the live
and only in the banner I put follow me
on violin to him and it is a word in
English that does not pass sticks of tweets
to take for fools to be able to throw
people
you say that they can stand in your mouth
now seeing you would like to specify that you are
not referring to the people that
people believe that you are referring to and the
truth is that I was not referring
to specific characters she may not even
suspect certain people
I have a lot of evidence but when
I make those explosions of anger etcetera I
am not referring to
specific units that I have done I also do not
understand the  sense of legal so it's
true that in the second explosion he didn't
say a name the only thing he's saying
again the corrupt corruption I don't
know what but with all the experience we
have we understand it because on other
occasions he has mentioned them he
insists he even made a
video where he took a piece of live
gameplay from Walt Beige Book we know
the move and all the journey he has
had with it the first outbreak yes it was
clearly seen that it was due to gameplay
okay the gameplay notification came out
in this video where the
feeling ultimatum you said this
so that my income returns to
normal and they will have to stop knocking me down
envy content they will also stop
using it for interaction that makes the
algorithm suggest their accounts from my
profile white and in a bottle according to you
your Facebook channel always came out
recommended and notifies Bahari even if I didn't
follow them Italy that has said them a thousand
times is that he has made I don't know how many
videos saying that they are sent by
WhatsApp for I don't know where I would use my
voice and also hear you say in
video that I spam you and advance the code of
form and leave and that  nothing has to do with it and
she doesn't send people to do it
people as she is haters and they know that with that
you get angry that's why she puts you in the
forna code and many times leave and gameplay
so that it bothers you and nothing guys that's
it for today's video I hope
you liked it for me it has been
a pleasure to do it and I hope it has
entertained you for a while leave me your
opinion in the comments box and I
already say it either the moves to
comment on it with humor and such is fine
but the harassment is more than worth it or the
people who are going to insult and who put
barbarities on their networks when this
girl right now is not doing anything
because really right now she is not
doing
her thing playing when she comments things
when she starts screaming and calls the
archangel grabiel so I understand that we
comment on it with a certain humor because flip
in but don't be toxic okay don't
insult don't harass don't
say barbarities guys that's it yes
yes see you in the next
video